feat: add labels and annotations (#1)
MapColonies/labels-and-annotations: README.md

Reviewer: Include also the validation part and the values part

Author: done

Reviewer: Is it?

Author: yes

# mc-labels-and-annotations

This repository contains a Helm chart designed to streamline the deployment of Kubernetes applications by

> providing predefined helper templates.

Reviewer: ?

Author: done

The `_helpers.tpl` file includes templates for standard Kubernetes labels, ensuring uniformity across deployments.

> ## To utilize this Helm chart in your project:

Reviewer: ## Usage

Author: done

> Include the Chart: Add this chart as a dependency in your project's Chart.yaml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use this package and include the labels in your repo, add the package as a dependency
```

Author: done

```yaml
dependencies:
  - name: mc-labels-and-annotations
    version: 0.1.0
    repository: oci://acrarolibotnonprod.azurecr.io/helm/infra
```

Reference Helper Templates: In your Kubernetes manifest templates, incorporate the helper templates as needed.
For example, to add standard labels:

```yaml
metadata:
  labels:
    {{ include "mc-labels-and-annotations.labels" . | nindent 4 }}

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml
metadata:
  labels:
    {{ include "mc-labels-and-annotations.labels" . | nindent 4 }}
  annotations:
    {{ include "mc-labels-and-annotations.annotations" . | nindent 4 }}
```
```

Author: done

# mc-labels-and-annotations

This repository contains a Helm chart designed to streamline the deployment of Kubernetes applications by
providing predefined labels and annotations by helper templates.

The `_helpers.tpl` file includes templates for standard Kubernetes labels, ensuring uniformity across deployments.

## Usage:
In order to use this package and include the labels in your repo, add the package as a dependency:

```yaml
dependencies:
  - name: mc-labels-and-annotations
    version: 0.1.0

>     repository: oci://acrarolibotnonprod.azurecr.io/helm/infra

Reviewer: Do not publish our registry

Author: done

```

Reference Helper Templates: In your Kubernetes manifest templates, incorporate the helper templates as needed.

> For example, to add standard labels:

Reviewer: Rephrase it so it will be more human-friendly

Author: done
